<h1>Loot Categories</h1>
To make developing Loot Tables easier, Gac14 defines a set of loot tables called Loot Categories.  These loot tables (specified in the gac14:loot/categories root path) are not intended to be used directly and are intended to be used within other loot tables. The categories always generate exactly 1 item. 

<h2>List of Loot Categories</h2>
This document lists all the loot categories that are defined by Gac14 and there general contents. 

<h3>Crate and Key Categories</h3>

```
gac14:loot/categories/crates/common
gac14:loot/categories/crates/uncommon
gac14:loot/categories/crates/rare
gac14:loot/categories/crates/legendary
gac14:loot/categories/crates/mythical
gac14:loot/categories/keys/common
gac14:loot/categories/keys/uncommon
gac14:loot/categories/keys/rare
gac14:loot/categories/keys/legendary
gac14:loot/categories/keys/mythical
```

Generates the crate items/crate keys for various loot tables. 
The crate items are chests with a custom name, lock, and loot table set according to the target. The crate keys are items with the name corresponding to the appropriate lock. Note that these do not generate the items contained within the loot tables (use gac14:crate/* for the items contained in a crate). 

<h3>Spawner Names</h3>

```
gac14:loot/categories/spawners/names/<domain>/<path>
```

Given that `<domain>:<path>` forms a resource location that names an entity, the spawner loot category `gac14:loot/categories/spawners/names/<domain>/<path>` generates a spawner item that spawns an the entity named by `<domain>:<path>`. There may also be modifications on this (for example `gac14:loot/categories/spawners/names/gac14/creeper/powered` spawns powered creepers `minecraft:creeper{powered:1b}`), provided that `<domain>:<path>` does not name an entity. 

<h3>Spawner Groups</h3>

```
gac14:loot/categories/spawners/groups/common
gac14:loot/categories/spawners/groups/uncommon
gac14:loot/categories/spawners/groups/rare
gac14:loot/categories/spawners/groups/very_rare
gac14:loot/categories/spawners/any
```

Names the list of categories that generates spawners based on their rarity. `gac14:loot/categories/spawners/any` generates 1 spawner of any kind, the chance of any given spawner is based on its rarity category. All spawners named by `gac14:loot/categories/spawners/name` can be generated in one of these rarity based categories, and all can be generated by the "any" category. 


<h3>Envoys</h3>

```
gac14:loot/categories/envoy/<subpath>
```

Given the envoy category `gac14:loot/categories/envoy/<subpath>`, generates an envoy item with the associated loot table `gac14:envoys/<subpath>` that has some unspecified name.  

<h3>Buycraft Functional items</h3>

```
gac14:loot/categories/buy/<subpath>
```

Given the envoy category `gac14:loot/categories/buy/<subpath>`, generates a functional item associated with the function `gac14:buycraft/<subpath>` that has some unspecified name. 



